# Projects2
These are some of the projects I completed over the years as a student ranging from 2018 till date.
- This is a sample of my written work, my MSc thesis from UCL, titled "High Temperature, High Pressure Hydrogen Attack of Materials." The project aimed to analyze the susceptibility of superalloys in jet engine combustion chambers to hydrogen-induced damage. Through extensive literature review and risk assessment, it was identified that high-temperature hydrogen embrittlement could affect superalloys. The findings highlighted interactions between carbides and trapped hydrogen as key to understanding hydrogen attack. Additionally, experiments were designed to test for hydrogen-induced damage. You can review the full report [here](Chigozirim%20Adanna%20Ibeabuchi%20(MSc%20Thesis).pdf). 
- For [HMA Individual CW](HMA%20Individual%20CW.Rmd), I examinined the prevalence of Low Birth Weight among Infants Born to Black Mothers using analytical methods. I achieved this by employing a logistic regression analysis to examine the influence of socio-economic and environmental factors. By analysing the intersection of race, income inequality, education, and physical health, this research contributes to the understanding of the complex factors impacting low birth weight and birth outcomes.
- For [Healthcare and Medical Analytics Individual CW.pdf](Healthcare%20and%20Medical%20Analytics%20Individual%20CW.pdf), this is my written report on analyzing the prevalence of low birth weight among infants born to Black mothers. The project employs robust statistical methods with R, involving data wrangling, identifying outliers, and conducting logistic regression analysis. The report highlights significant socio-economic and environmental factors contributing to low birth weight and underscores the importance of targeted interventions and improved prenatal care. You can review the full report and detailed analysis.
- For [Ibeabuchi Chigozirim Adanna Undergraduate Final Project Thesis.pdf](Ibeabuchi%20Chigozirim%20Adanna%20Undergraduate%20Final%20Project%20Thesis.pdf),this is my written report on optimizing the placement of virtual machines in cloud data centers to reduce power consumption. The project develops a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) model to optimize virtual machine placement over a cloud-fog architecture, considering renewable energy availability. The objective is to minimize non-renewable power usage and transmission losses. The analysis includes comparing VM Replication and VM Migration schemes, revealing that certain approaches significantly reduce transmission losses and CO2 emissions. 
- For [LSC.RMD](LSC.Rmd), I predicted lettuce demand in four different stores of a restaurant using time series forecasting.
- For [RMA Individual project part 1](RMA%20Individual%20Project.Rmd)  & [Part 2](RMA%20Individual%20Project%20Part%202.Rmd), I  explored sales forecasting and attitudinal metrics analysis for effective marketing using a fictional dataset. With data-driven decision making becoming increasingly important for businesses to succeed in a competitive market, forecasting sales with models such as multiple linear regression and ARIMA can provide valuable information to help companies plan for growth. Analysing attitudinal metrics can also help businesses understand the effectiveness of their advertising and promotional campaigns in winning over customers. By using these metrics, businesses can make informed decisions on how to allocate resources efficiently and effectively to maximize their brand's success.
